5  A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
3  Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
4  Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
5  Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
4  One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
2  Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
5  The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
2  Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
2  The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
1  It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
2  I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
4  It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
4  Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
2  contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
2  contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
4  Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
2  Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
2  ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
