3 A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
2 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
1 Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
2 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .
3 Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
3 A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
3 Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
3 Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
4 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
3 High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
3 Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
0 Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
3 An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
2 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
2 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
1 A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
3 A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
0 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
4 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
1 ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
2 but ` Why ? '
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
0 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
3 While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
3 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
4 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
4 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
0 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
1 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
0 And it 's a lousy one at that .
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
2 It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
3 Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
4 In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
1 This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
3 A smart little indie .
0 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
0 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
2 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
2 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
2 The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
3 harmlessly
1 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
4 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
0 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
1 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
1 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
1 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
2 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
1 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
1 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
2 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
3 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
3 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
1 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
1 Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
1 The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
2 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
0 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
2 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
3 A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
2 As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?
1 Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
3 The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
0 Terminally brain dead production .
3 An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
1 Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
3 A winning and wildly fascinating work .
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
1 Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
2 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
3 Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
2 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
3 Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
3 This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
3 If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
1 Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
3 Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
2 Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?
0 The acting is n't much better .
3 Zoom !
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
4 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
1 That 's its first sign of trouble .
4 A very charming and funny movie .
2 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
0 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
2 The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
1 A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
1 Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
3 The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
3 A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
2 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
1 Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
1 Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
0 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
0 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
4 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
2 Bond-inspired ?
0 Staggeringly dreadful romance .
4 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
1 Weird .
4 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
4 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
2 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
1 And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
4 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
1 Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
2 Or that the battery on your watch has died .
3 Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
0 This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
1 Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
1 Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
3 Familiar but utterly delightful .
1 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
4 Consider it ` perfection . '
0 At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
3 This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
3 Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
1 But no. .
1 Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
3 If you love him , you 'll like it .
4 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
2 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
1 The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
1 Woefully pretentious .
1 Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
3 Makes one thing abundantly clear .
3 A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
1 Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
1 We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
0 A ragbag of cliches .
3 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
3 Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
1 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
3 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
4 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
0 Disgusting .
1 ` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
2 The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .
3 It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
0 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
2 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
4 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
3 If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
1 Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
3 It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
3 Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
3 Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
0 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
3 The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
1 It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
0 Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
4 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
3 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
2 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
1 In this case zero .
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
1 -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .